[REG-1872] add validation rules + update validations in general (#79)
Regression-Games/RegressionDocs: docs/validations/validations-getting-started.mdx

![Screenshot of a scenario](./img/scenario-example.png)

> **Validations** are used to assert states within you game. You can create the Scenarios you want to verify using our Scenario Builder,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Validations** are used to assert states within your game. You can create Validation Scenarios using our Scenario Builder,
```

> and can run collections of Scenarios in Unity.

Reviewer: This currently isn't true. Probably want to remove this bit for now and we can provide a walkthrough from the Unity-side if/when that's in place

Along with Scenario steps, you can also view the state, and view a screenshot, at each tick during the recording. This can help you understand the state of the game at each point in time, and can also help create the Scenarios you want to run.

![Building a Scenario](./img/building-a-scenario.png)

Check out the [full Scenario Builder reference](./validations-scenario-builder-reference) for more details 

## Rules

**Rules** are used to assert that the gameplay recording meets specific criteria, such as the average frames per second during the recording. When viewing a specific Validation Suite, you can add Rules to the Suite that will be asserted each time the Suite is run.

Rules can be added to a Suite by clicking the "Create Rule" button on the Suite's page. You can then select the Rule type you want to add, and configure the Rule's parameters. After adding a Rule to a Suite, you can always edit it later.

![Creating a Validation Rule](./img/create-validation-rule.png)

Check out the [full Rules reference](./validations-rules-reference) for more details

## Running Validations

> You can either run **all** of the Scenarios within a Suite, or test run an individual Scenario. To run a Suite, click the "Run Suite" button, and select a Gameplay Session to test against. When the Suite is finished running, you can view the results of each Scenario and Rule within the Suite on the Test Runs page.

Reviewer: "test run" sounds awkward in this context. Does this sound any better?

```suggestion
You can either run **all** of the Scenarios within a Suite, or trial an individual Scenario. To run a Suite, click the "Run Suite" button, and select a Gameplay Session to test against. When the Suite is finished running, you can view the results of each Scenario and Rule within the Suite on the Test Runs page.
```

To test run an individual Scenario, click the "Run Scenario" button within the Scenario's menu. The Scenario's results will be shown in a dialog, and will not be persisted.

![Screenshot of a scenario](./img/run-scenario.png)

## Viewing Results

> To access the results of your Suite, navigate to the Test Runs page. Here you can see the results of each Scenario  and Rule within a Suite. You can also view the results of a Scenario's steps, and the state of the game at each tick during the Scenario.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To access the results of your Suite, navigate to the Test Runs page. Here you can see the results of each Scenario and Rule within a Suite. You can also view the results of a Scenario's steps, and the state of the game at each tick during the Scenario.
```
